Derive random HD seeds from ZIP-339 seed phrases. (#5306)
zcash/zcash: doc/release-notes.md

Notable changes
===============

Mnemonic Recovery Phrases
-------------------------

The zcashd wallet has been modified to support ZIP 339 (derived from BIP 39)
which describes how to derive the wallet's HD seed from a mnemonic phrase.
The mnemonic phrase will be generated on load of the wallet, or the first time
the wallet is unlocked, and is available via the z_exportwallet RPC call. All
new addresses produced by the wallet are now derived from this seed using the
HD wallet functionality described in ZIP 32 and ZIP 316. For users upgrading an
existing Zcashd wallet, it is recommended that the wallet be backed up prior to
upgrading to the 4.5.2 Zcashd release.

Following the upgrade to 4.5.2, Zcashd will require that the user find their
new emergency recovery phrase in the output of  the `z_exportwallet` RPC call, 
and then verify that they have backed up the new recovery phrase by making a
one-time call to the newly added `walletconfirmbackup` RPC method before the 

> wallet will allow the generation of new addresses. It is recommended that 

Reviewer: Here we should remove direct references to the RPC methods, and instead say something to the effect of:

... will require that users confirm backup of their recovery phrase. This can be performed with tool X (insert details of how to use said CLI tool). GUI wallet developers can implement a similar confirmation workflow via the JSON-RPC interface following these guidelines (link to documentation inside the CLI tool that also serves this purpose).

after this upgrade, that funds tied to preexisting addresses be migrated to newly
generated addresses so that all wallet funds are recoverable using the emergency
recovery phrase going forward. If you choose not to migrate funds in this fashion,

> you will continue to need to securely back up the entire wallet.dat file to ensure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you will continue to need to securely back up the entire `wallet.dat` file to ensure
```

RECOVERABLE USING THE EMERGENCY RECOVERY PHRASE UNLESS THEY HAVE BEEN MOVED TO A
NEWLY GENERATED ADDRESS FOLLOWING THE 4.5.2 UPGRADE.

New RPC Methods
---------------

- 'walletconfirmbackup' This newly created API is checks a provided emergency
  recovery phrase against the wallet's emergency recovery phrase; if the phrases
  match then it updates the wallet state to allow the generation of new addresses.
  This backup confirmation workflow can be disabled by starting zcashd with 
  `-requirewalletbackup=false` but this is not recommended unless you know what
  you're doing (and have otherwise backed up the wallet's recovery phrase anyway.)
  If you are using zcash-cli, it is recommended that you only use the `walletconfirmbackup`
  in a fashion that does not result in the mnemonic phrase that you are confirming
  backup of being recorded in the shell's history. 
  See https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/10922/temporarily-suspend-bash-history-on-a-given-shell
  for a number of approaches to keeping the phrase out of your shell's history, and
  be sure to test and verify the approach you choose prior to using it with your real

>   emergency recovery phrase!

Reviewer: After the above change, reframe this as "do not use this directly from the CLI because (rest of useful content)".

Notable changes
===============

Mnemonic Recovery Phrases
-------------------------

> The zcashd wallet has been modified to support ZIP 339 (derived from BIP 39)

Author: ```suggestion
The zcashd wallet has been modified to support ZIP 339 (to be compatible with BIP 39)
```

which describes how to derive the wallet's HD seed from a mnemonic phrase.
The mnemonic phrase will be generated on load of the wallet, or the first time
the wallet is unlocked, and is available via the `z_exportwallet` RPC call. All
new addresses produced by the wallet are now derived from this seed using the
HD wallet functionality described in ZIP 32 and ZIP 316. For users upgrading an
existing Zcashd wallet, it is recommended that the wallet be backed up prior to
upgrading to the 4.5.2 Zcashd release.

Following the upgrade to 4.5.2, Zcashd will require that the user confirm that
they have backed up their new emergency recovery phrase, which may be obtained

> from the output of  the `z_exportwallet` RPC call. This confirmation be can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from the output of  the `z_exportwallet` RPC call. This confirmation can be
```

performed manually using the `zcashd-wallet-tool` utility that is supplied with
this release.  The wallet will not allow the generation of new addresses until
this confirmation has been performed. It is recommended that after this
upgrade, that funds tied to preexisting addresses be migrated to newly
generated addresses so that all wallet funds are recoverable using the
emergency recovery phrase going forward.  If you choose not to migrate funds in
this fashion, you will continue to need to securely back up the entire
`wallet.dat` file to ensure that you do not lose access to existing funds;
EXISTING FUNDS WILL NOT BE RECOVERABLE USING THE EMERGENCY RECOVERY PHRASE
UNLESS THEY HAVE BEEN MOVED TO A NEWLY GENERATED ADDRESS FOLLOWING THE 4.5.2
UPGRADE.

New RPC Methods
---------------

> - 'walletconfirmbackup' This newly created API is checks a provided emergency

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 'walletconfirmbackup' This newly created API checks a provided emergency
```

  recovery phrase against the wallet's emergency recovery phrase; if the phrases
  match then it updates the wallet state to allow the generation of new addresses.
  This backup confirmation workflow can be disabled by starting zcashd with 
  `-requirewalletbackup=false` but this is not recommended unless you know what

>   you're doing (and have otherwise backed up the wallet's recovery phrase anyway.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  you're doing (and have otherwise backed up the wallet's recovery phrase anyway).
```
